hello right now I'm lewis jámilton
As you know, I am a world leader in formula one and I am very good.
jibaja said juan gioja said jia hahaha
sure you will ask how I do to overcome my partner between
quotes about the companion holding the bottom
I will show you exclusively the screen of my personal computer that
what the fuck is this
egin forgiveness has sneaked
now this one yes
what I was saying I am going to show you the screen of my Maclaren computer
as you see, you have many options
if I leave the track I click on this vote or return me to the asphalt
As already happened in nürbürgring ring ring ring
to have a good reputation and the favor of the curators use these
options that send nice gifts to English newspapers and bernie
eccleston
on the right is the button to import fire data burns I say ferrari though
he is used to using a marigel this south and
and above the alonso telemetry copy icons that are very
useful hahaha
and on the far right all of options to fuck alonso how to make him jump
your rear spoiler that mechanics will change your wheels very slowly
heat the brake discs the one I like the most, request sanctions the fia
jua jua ja ja said jia ja ja ja je je juajo gia hahaha
by the way the day of hungaroring honor and glory to lina this button fumed
Hahaha
you will have noticed that this computer the cabbage still tada
green sauce
although lately I'm considering making one but to touch the balls
a felipe farsa and kimi raikonnen that the bastards have not just taken off
I know about me
another day I will tell you a thousand ways to bribe the mafia vigo la fia hahaha
Greetings to all the English